Figure one shows three routers connecting to a frame relay cloud with a WAN link.  Each router has a D.L.C.I. to each of the other two routers configured.  Router one has D.L.C.I. 102 mapped to router two, and D.L.C.I. 103 mapped to router three.  Router two has D.L.C.I. 201 mapped to router one, and D.L.C.I. 203 mapped to router three.  Router three has D.L.C.I. 302 mapped to router two and D.L.C.I. 301 mapped to router one. The network address is ten dot one dot one dot zero with a slash twenty four mask.  The serial interface on router one is ten dot one dot one dot one.  The serial interface on router two is ten dot one dot one dot two, and the serial interface on router three is ten dot one dot one dot three.  The three serial ports also have I.P. version 6 address configured.  Sub interfaces have been configured on each serial interface, and each is using the D.L.C.I. value as the sub interface.  On router one the two sub interfaces are serial zero slash zero slash one dot 102 and serial zero slash zero slash one dot 103.   On router two they are serial zero slash zero slash one dot 201 and serial zero slash zero slash one dot 203 and on router three the sub interfaces are serial zero slash zero slash one dot 301 and  serial zero slash zero slash one dot 302. Figure two shows the commands used to configure the point to point sub interfaces on router one.  The commands begin in global configuration mode and the first command is interface serial zero slash zero slash one.  The next command is encapsulation frame hyphen relay.  The next commands are no shutdown and exit, which then moves back to global configuration mode.  The next command creates the sub interface, and the command is interface serial zero slash zero slash one dot 102 point hyphen top hyphen point.  The next command is I P address ten dot one dot one dot one 255 dot 255 dot 255 dot 252.  The next command is bandwidth 64.  The final command is frame hyphen relay interface hyphen D.l.C.I. 102.  The figure then uses the same series of commands to create the other sub interface of serial zero slash zero slash one dot 103. Figure three is an interactive activity that allows the learner to configure point to point sub interfaces.