Figure one is an animation that shows a Linksys model W.R.T. 300 N-2 wireless router that opens up and exposes three services that the integrated services device provides.  These services include wireless access, switching capabilities and routing capabilities. Figure two shows a wireless access point connecting to a high speed Internet connection modem, such as a D.S.L. or cable modem, and the modem connects to the Internet.  There are devices that have a wireless connection to the access point, and these include a printer, computer, smart television, laptop computer, and smart phone. The benefits of wireless LAN technology include the following items.  First is mobility, which allows for easy connection of both stationary and mobile clients.  Followed by Scalability, which is the ability of networks to be easily expanded to allow more users to connect and to increase the coverage area.  Another is Flexibility, which provides anytime, anywhere connectivity.  Next is Cost Savings, as equipment costs continue to fall as the technology matures.  Another is Reduced installation time, which is seen when installation of a single piece of equipment can provide connectivity for a large number of people.  Last in the list is Reliability in harsh environments, which is the level of ease to install in emergency and hostile environments. Figure three shows three users working on computers all connected to a wireless access point. The figure lists a few limitations of wireless networking.  One limitation is Interference, which is the fact that Wireless technology is susceptible to interference from other devices that produce electromagnetic energies. This includes cordless phones, microwaves, televisions, and other wireless LAN implementations.  Another limitation is Network and Data security because Wireless LAN technology is designed to provide access to the data being transmitted, not security of the data. Additionally, it can provide an unprotected entrance into the wired network.  Another limitation is the fact that Wireless LAN technology continues to evolve. Wireless LAN technology does not currently provide the speed or reliability of wired LANs.