Figure one shows a router with two active gigabit Ethernet ports with a switch on each port and a P.C. connected to each switch.  The router also has an active serial port that is connected to a WAN cloud.  The network address for the gig zero slash zero port is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon one colon colon slash sixty-four.  The network address for the gig zero slash one port is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon one colon colon slash sixty-four.  The network address for the serial zero slash zero slash zero port is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon three colon colon slash sixty-four.  Each router port is assigned the first address in the network.  The figure displays the output from the command show I.P. v-6 interface brief.  The output lists the link local addresses for each port first and the I.P. v-6 address second for each of the three active ports.  The gigabit ethernet zero slash zero interface has a link local address of F E eight zero colon colon F E nine nine colon four seven F F colon F E seven five colon C three E zero and the i.p. v-6 address is two zero zero one colon D B eight colon A C A D colon one colon colon one.  The gigabit Ethernet zero slash one interface has a link local address of F E eight zero colon colon F E nine nine colon four seven F F colon F E seven five colon C three E one, and the I.P. v-6 address is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon two colon colon one.  For the serial zero slash zero slash zero interface the link local address is F E eight zero colon colon F E nine nine colon four seven F F colon F E seven five colon C three E zero and the I.P. v-6 address is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon three colon colon one.  Figure two shows the output from the command show I.P. v-6 route.  This command lists the I.P. v-6 routing table for the router.  The out for this router has seven entries in the routing table.  The first network is labeled with a C for a directly connected route.  The network is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon one colon colon slash sixty-four via the gigabit Ethernet zero slash zero port.  The next network is labeled with an L for a local network and has the address of two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon one colon colon slash one hundred twenty eight.  The next network is labeled with a C for a directly connected route.  The network is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon two colon colon slash sixty-four via the gigabit Ethernet zero slash one port.  The next network is labeled with an L for a local network and has the address of two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon two colon colon slash one hundred twenty eight.  The next network is labeled with a C for a directly connected route.  The network is two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon three colon colon slash sixty-four via the gigabit serial zero slash zero slash zero port.  The next network is labeled with an L for a local network and has the address of two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon three colon colon slash one hundred twenty eight.  The last network in the routing table is listed as a local route and has the network address of F F zero zero colon colon slash eight via the Null zero interface. Figure three shows the I.P. v-6 ping command and output from sending a ping request to a computer.  The full command entered is ping two zero zero one colon zero D B eight colon A C A D colon one colon colon ten.  The output shows that five I.C.M.P echos were sent to the destination address and five echo replies were received.  In the figure an exclamation point signifies that an echo replay was received, so here five exclamation points are listed. Figure four is an interactive media element that has the learner enter the commands to list the I.P. v-6 interfaces, to list the I.P. v-6 routing table and to verify connectivity to a computer using ping.