Figure one shows a network consisting of one router with a serial interface connecting to the Internet, and two local gigabit Ethernet interfaces configured with a local network. All networks are I.P.v.6. addresses. Figure two shows the Windows applet for statically assigning an I.P.v.6 address on a computer. Figure three shows the router I.O.S. C.L.I. commands for configuring I.P.v.6 on an interface.  The commands begin in global configuration mode.  The first command moves to interface configuration mode, and it is interface gigabit ethernet zero slash zero.  The next command configures the description, and it is description Link to LAN 1.  The next command in the figure assigns an I.P. address on the interface, and it is i.p.v.6 address 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon a c a d colon 1 colon colon 1 slash 64.  The interface is turned on with the command no shutdown. Figure four configures the next interface, and begins in global configuration mode.  The first command moves to interface configuration mode, and it is interface gigabit ethernet zero slash one.  The next command configures the description, and it is description Link to LAN 2.  The next command in the figure assigns an I.P. address on the interface, and it is i.p.v.6 address 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon a c a d colon 2 colon colon 1 slash 64.  The interface is turned on with the command no shutdown. Figure five configures the next interface, and begins in global configuration mode.  The command is interface serial zero slash zero slash zero.  The next command configures the description, and it is description Link to R2.  The next command in the figure assigns an I.P. address on the interface, and it is i.p. address 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon a c a d colon 3 colon colon 1 slash 64.  The next command configures a clock rate on the serial interface, and the command is clock rate 128,000.  The interface is turned on with the command no shutdown. Figure six is an interactive activity that allows the learner to configure and activate three interfaces on a router.