Figure one shows the O.S.P.F. reference topology with I.P.V.6. addressing in place of the I.P.V.4. addressing previously used with O.S.P.F. version 2.Figure two shows the commands necessary to configure the addressing and O.S.P.F. version 3 on router R-1.   The figure begins in global configuration mode, and the first command is, i.p.v.6. unicast hyphen routing.  The next step is moving to a specific interface, and the command is, interface gigabit ethernet zero slash zero.  The next command is, description R.1. LAN.  The next command is, i.p.v.6. address 2 0 0 1 colon D B 8 colon C A F E colon 1 colon colon 1 slash 64. This command configures the i.p.v.6. address on the interface.  The interface is then turned on with the command, no shut.  The figure continues with the first serial interface. The first command is, interface serial zero slash zero slash zero.  The next command is description link to R.2.  The next command is, i.p.v.6. address 2 0 0 1 colon D B 8 colon C A F E colon A 0 0 1 colon colon 1 slash 64. This command configures the i.p.v.6. address on the interface.  The interface is then turned on with the command, no shut.  The figure continues with the second serial interface. The first command is, interface serial zero slash zero slash one.  The next command is, description link to R.3.  The next command is, i.p.v.6. address 2 0 0 1 colon D B 8 colon C A F E colon A 0 0 3 colon colon 1 slash 64. This command configures the i.p.v.6. address on the interface.  The interface is then turned on with the command, no shut. Figure three lists the six steps to configure O.S.P.F. version 3.  Step one is to enable i.p.v.6. unicast routing with the command, i.p.v.6.  unicast hyphen routing.  Step two is optional. In step two, the link local addresses are configured.  Step three is to configure a 32 bit router I.D. in O.S.P.F. version 3 router configuration mode using the command, router hyphen i.d.  Step four is to configure optional routing specifics, such as adjusting the reference bandwidth.  Step five is optional. In step five, O.S.P.F. version 3 interface-specific settings are configured, such as the interface bandwidth.  Step six is enabling i.p.v.6.  routing with the command, i.p.v.6. O.S.P.F. area.