Figure one lists the commands used to configure stateful d.h.c.p.v.6 services on a router.  The example begins in global configuration mode and the commands are as follows.  The first command is, i.p.v.6. unicast hyphen routing.  The next command is, d.h.c.p. pool i.p.v.6.  hyphen stateful.  The next command is, address prefix 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon c a f e colon 1 colon colon slash 64 lifetime infinite.  The next command is, d.n.s. hyphen server 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon c a f e colon a a a a colon colon 5.  The next command is, domain hyphen name example dot com.  The d.h.c.p.v.6. pool has been configured and the next set of commands bind the pool to the interface.  The C.L.I. in the example moves to the local interface first with the command, exit. The exit command is then followed by the command, interface g zero slash one.  The next command is, i.p.v.6. address 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon c a f e colon 1 colon colon 1 slash 64.  The next command is, d.h.c.p. pool i.p.v.6.  hyphen stateful .  The last command is, i.p.v.6. n.d. managed hyphen config hyphen flag.  The address prefix command and the i.p.v.6. n.d. managed command are highlighted to signify that these commands are specific to stateful configuration.  The figure also lists the commands to configure stateless d.h.c.p.v.6. services.  The example begins in global configuration mode and the commands are as follows.  The first command is, i.p.v.6. unicast hyphen routing.  The next command is, d.h.c.p. pool i.p.v.6. hyphen stateless.  The next command is, d.n.s. hyphen server 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon c a f e colon a a a a colon colon 5.  The next command is, domain hyphen name example dot com.  The d.h.c.p.v.6. pool has been configured and the next set of commands bind the pool to the interface.  The C.L.I. in the example moves to the local interface first with the command, exit. The exit command is then followed by the command, interface g zero slash one.  The next command is, i.p.v.6. address 2 0 0 1 colon d b 8 colon c a f e colon 1 colon colon 1 slash 64.  The next command is, d.h.c.p. pool i.p.v.6. hyphen stateless.  The last command is, i.p.v.6. n.d. other hyphen config hyphen flag.  The command i.p.v.6. n.d. other hyphen config hyphen flag is highlighted in the figure to signify it as being specific to stateless d.h.c.p.v.6. configuration. Figure two shows the output for three different configurations when running the command, show i.p.v.6. interface, on a specific router interface.  The first output is for S.L.A.A.C., and the figure highlights the line that states “hosts use stateless autoconfig for address”.  The next output is for stateless d.h.c.p.v.6., and the figure highlights the line that states “hosts use d.h.c.p. to obtain other configuration”.  The third output is for stateful d.h.c.p.v.6. and the figure highlights the line that states “hosts use d.h.c.p. to obtain routable addresses”.