The figure shows the E.U.I.-64 process for creating a 64 bit interface I.D.  Step one begins with the hexadecimal MAC address of F C nine nine four seven seven five C E E zero.  The MAC address is split between the Organizationally Unique Identifier and the device I.D., and converted into binary.  The address in decimal is one one one one one one zero zero one zero zero one one zero zero one zero one zero zero zero one one one for the O.U.I. and zero one one one zero one zero one one one zero zero one one one zero one one one zero zero zero zero zero for the device I.D.  The hexadecimal value F F F E is inserted between the O.U.I. and the device I.D. to make the 64 bits.  The binary address in the example becomes one one one one one one zero zero one zero zero one one zero zero one zero one zero zero zero one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one zero zero one one one zero one zero one one one zero zero one one one zero one one one zero zero zero zero zero.  The next step is to locate the seventh bit in from the left on the O.U.I. and flip the value.  This is the Universally slash Locally bit, also known as the U slash L bit.  In the example address the U slash L bit is currently zero so it will get flipped to become a one.  The final address in binary is one one one one one one one zero one zero zero one one zero zero one zero one zero zero zero one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one zero zero one one one zero one zero one one one zero zero one one one zero one one one zero zero zero zero zero.  The final address in hexadecimal is F E nine nine four seven F F F E seven five C E E zero. Figure two shows the output from the show interface gigabit Ethernet zero slash zero command.  The MAC address of the port is listed as F C nine nine dot four seven seven five dot C three E zero.  The next command entered on the router is show I.P. v-6 interface brief and the addresses are listed.  The first address is F E eight zero colon colon F E nine nine colon four seven F F colon F E seven five colon C three E zero.  The figure is highlighting the F F colon F E in the middle of the address which indicates that this address was configured using the E.U.I. method.  The next port address is F E eight zero colon colon F E nine nine colon four seven F F colon F E seven five colon C three E one. The figure is highlighting the F F colon F E in the middle of the address which indicates that this address was also configured using the E.U.I. method.  The same is true for the third address in the output, which is F E eight zero colon colon F E nine nine colon four seven F F colon F E seven five colon C three E zero.  