Figure one shows the command used to configure a hostname on a router.  The commands start from user EXEC mode.  The first command is configure terminal and this command moves to global configuration mode.  The next command is hostname R1.  The router now has a hostname configured. Figure two configures the router to require passwords for access.  The commands begin in global configuration mode.  The first command sets a password on accessing enable mode on the router, and it is enable secret class.  The keyword secret tells the router to encrypt the password in the configuration file, and the password used is class.  Next it moves to the console configuration mode with the command line console 0.  Once in console configuration mode the command to set a password is password cisco, and cisco is the actual password.  The next command tells the router that the password is required for login and the command used is login.  Next it moves to the terminal lines configuration mode with the command line v.t.y. zero space 4.  This will restrict telnet access on five connections.  Once in terminal line configuration mode the command to set a password is password cisco, and cisco is the actual password.  The next command tells the router that the password is required for login and the command used is login.  The next command tells the router to encrypt all passwords in the configuration file.  The command is run from global configuration mode and it is service password dash encryption. Figure three configures a banner message that the router will display when a user logs in.  The command is run from global configuration mode and it is banner m.o.t.d. dollar symbol Authorized Access Only! dollar symbol.  The dollar symbol is used to tell the router where the banner message starts and where it ends.  The symbol can be any symbol, but it cannot be in the message. Figure four shows the command used to save the configuration file from RAM to N V RAM.  The command is run from privileged exec mode and it is copy running dash configuration startup dash configuration. Figure five is an interactive activity that allows the learner to configure a hostname, restrict access using passwords, and configure a banner on a router.