Figure one shows four hosts and a router on a LAN segment.  Each is labeled with its I.P. address and M.A.C. address.  Host A wants to send data to Host C, but does not know its M.A.C. address. Figure two shows four hosts and a router on a LAN segment.  Each is labeled with its I.P. address and M.A.C. address.  Host A wants to send data to Host C, but does not know its M.A.C. address.  Host A sends out a broadcast asking for the M.A.C. address of the destination. This process is called A.R.P. (Address Resolution Protocol).  The request reaches all the other hosts and the router. Figure three shows four hosts and a router on a LAN segment.  Each is labeled with its I.P. address and M.A.C. address.  Host A wants to send data to Host C, but does not know its M.A.C. address.  Host A sends out a broadcast asking for the M.A.C. address of the destination. This process is called A.R.P. (Address Resolution Protocol).  The request reaches all the other hosts and the router.  Host C is the only host that replies to the original broadcast and now host A knows both the I.P. and M.A.C. address for the destination. Figure four shows four hosts and a router on a LAN segment.  Each is labeled with its I.P. address and M.A.C. address.  Host A wants to send data to Host C, but does not know its M.A.C. address.  Host A sends out a broadcast asking for the M.A.C. address of the destination. This process is called A.R.P. (Address Resolution Protocol).  The request reaches all the other hosts and the router.  Host C is the only host that replies to the original broadcast and now host A knows both the I.P. and M.A.C. address for the destination.  Host A now places the I.P. to M.A.C. address mapping into its arp cache. Figure five shows four hosts and a router on a LAN segment.  Each is labeled with its I.P. address and M.A.C. address.  Host A wants to send data to Host C, but does not know its M.A.C. address.  Host A sends out a broadcast asking for the M.A.C. address of the destination. This process is called A.R.P. (Address Resolution Protocol).  The request reaches all the other hosts and the router.  Host C is the only host that replies to the original broadcast and now host A knows both the I.P. and M.A.C. address for the destination.  Host A now places the I.P. to M.A.C. address mapping into its arp cache.  Now Host A can send the original data to Host C because it  can populate the layer 3 and layer 2 source and destination addresses.