Figure one shows a switch with P.C.1 connected to port 1, P.C. 2 connected to port 3, and port 2 going somewhere else.  P.C.1. generates a frame and sends it to the switch. Figure two shows a switch with P.C.1 connected to port 1, P.C. 2 connected to port 3, and port 2 going somewhere else.  P.C.1 generates a frame and sends it to the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C.1 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 1. Figure three shows a switch with P.C.1 connected to port 1, P.C. 2 connected to port 3, and port 2 going somewhere else.  P.C.1 generates a frame and sends it to the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C.1 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 1.  Since the switch does not have an entry for the destination M.A.C. address, it broadcasts the frame out the remaining ports. Figure four shows a switch with P.C.1 connected to port 1, P.C. 2 connected to port 3, and port 2 going somewhere else.  P.C.1 generates a frame and sends it to the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C.1 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 1.  Since the switch does not have an entry for the destination M.A.C. address, it broadcasts the frame out the remaining ports.  P.C. 2 responds to the broadcast and forwards a frame back towards the switch. Figure five shows a switch with P.C.1 connected to port 1, P.C. 2 connected to port 3, and port 2 going somewhere else.  P.C.1 generates a frame and sends it to the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C.1 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 1.  Since the switch does not have an entry for the destination M.A.C. address, it broadcasts the frame out the remaining ports.  P.C. 2 responds to the broadcast and forwards a frame back towards the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C. 2 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 3. Figure six shows a switch with P.C.1 connected to port 1, P.C. 2 connected to port 3, and port 2 going somewhere else.  P.C.1 generates a frame and sends it to the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C.1 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 1.  Since the switch does not have an entry for the destination M.A.C. address, it broadcasts the frame out the remaining ports.  P.C. 2 responds to the broadcast and forwards a frame back towards the switch.  The switch receives the frame and enters the M.A.C. address for P.C. 2 into the M.A.C. address table and maps it to port 3.  The frame leaves the switch out port 1 and arrives at P.C.1.