Figure one is a table listing both the required and optional tasks for configuring frame relay on a Cisco switch.  The two required tasks are the enabling of frame relay encapsulation on an interface and the configuration of either dynamic or static address mapping.  The optional tasks include configuring the L.M.I., configuring frame relay S.V.C’s., configuring  frame relay traffic shaping, customizing frame relay for the network, and the monitoring and maintenance of frame relay connections. Figure two shows three routers connecting to a frame relay cloud with a WAN link.  Each router has a D.L.C.I. to each of the other two routers configured.  Router one has D.L.C.I. 102 mapped to router two, and D.L.C.I. 103 mapped to router three.  Router two has D.L.C.I. 201 mapped to router one, and D.L.C.I. 203 mapped to router three.  Router three has D.L.C.I. 302 mapped to router two and D.L.C.I. 301 mapped to router one. The network address is ten dot one dot one dot zero with a slash twenty four mask.  The serial interface on router one is ten dot one dot one dot one.  The serial interface on router two is ten dot one dot one dot two, and the serial interface on router three is ten dot one dot one dot three.  The three serial ports also have I.P. version 6 address configured. Figure three shows the commands for configuring frame relay on an interface and it begins in global configuration mode.  The first command moves to the specified interface with the command interface serial zero slash zero zero slash one.  The next command is bandwidth 64.  The next command is i.p. address ten dot one dot one dot one 255 dot 255 dot 255 dot zero.  The next command is i.p.v.6. address two zero zero one colon d b eight colon c a f e colon one colon colon one slash 64.  The next command is i.p.v.6. address f e eight zero colon colon one link hyphen local.  The final command is encapsulation frame hyphen relay. Figure four shows the output from the command show interface serial zero slash zero slash one.  The figure highlights the listing of the i.p.v.4. address and specific frame relay information including the encapsulation type and the L.M.I. type.