Figure one shows three tables, each with an example network address.  The first table has a network address of ten dot one dot one dot zero slash twenty-four.  The last eight bits in the address are the host bit positions. The first host address is ten dot one dot one dot one, the last host address is ten dot one dot one dot two hundred fifty four and the broadcast address is ten dot one dot one dot two-hundred fifty five.  The number of hosts on this network is two raised to the power of eight, then subtract two for a total of two hundred fifty four hosts.  The second table has a network address of ten dot one dot one dot zero slash twenty-five.  The last seven bits in the address are the host bit positions. The first host address is ten dot one dot one dot one, the last host address is ten dot one dot one dot one-hundred twenty six and the broadcast address is ten dot one dot one dot one-hundred twenty seven.  The number of hosts on this network is two raised to the power of seven, then subtract two for a total of one-hundred twenty six hosts.  The third table has a network address of ten dot one dot one dot zero slash twenty-six.  The last six bits in the address are the host bit positions. The first host address is ten dot one dot one dot one, the last host address is ten dot one dot one dot sixty two and the broadcast address is ten dot one dot one dot sixty three.  The number of hosts on this network is two raised to the power of six, then subtract two for a total of sixty two hosts.  Figure two has two tables, each with an example network address.  The first table has a network address of ten dot one dot one dot zero slash twenty-seven.  The last five bits in the address are the host bit positions. The first host address is ten dot one dot one dot one, the last host address is ten dot one dot one dot thirty and the broadcast address is ten dot one dot one dot thirty one.  The number of hosts on this network is two raised to the power of five, then subtract two for a total of thirty hosts.  The second table has a network address of ten dot one dot one dot zero slash twenty-eight.  The last four bits in the address are the host bit positions. The first host address is ten dot one dot one dot one, the last host address is ten dot one dot one dot fourteen and the broadcast address is ten dot one dot one dot fifteen.  The number of hosts on this network is two raised to the power of four, then subtract two for a total of fourteen hosts.