Figure one shows two routers connected by a serial connection.  Each router has two LANs attached.  The output from "show i.p. route" is displayed for one of the routers. A host wants to verify connectivity to the default gateway.  When the packet arrives at the router, the router consults its routing table and matches the destination address with a route designated by an "L".  Since the packet was destined for this router, the router continues reading the rest of the layer 3 packet and responds accordingly. Figure two shows two routers connected by a serial connection.  Each router has two LANs attached.  The output from "show i.p. route" is displayed for one of the routers. A host wants to communicate with another LAN connected to the same router.  The packet reaches the gateway and the router consults the routing table.  The router determines the destination is a network connected to the router.  Since the destination is another directly connected network, the router uses the route denoted by a "C" and forwards the packet accordingly. Figure three shows two routers connected by a serial connection.  Each router has two LANs attached.  The output from "show i.p. route" is displayed for one of the routers. A host wants to send a packet to the router on the other end of a serial link connected to its default gateway.  The packet reaches the gateway and the router consults the routing table.  The router determines the destination is a network connected to the router.  Since the destination is another directly connected network, the router uses the route denoted by a "C" and forwards the packet accordingly. Figure four shows two routers connected by a serial connection.  Each router has two LANs attached.  The output from "show i.p. route" is displayed for one of the routers. A host wants to send a packet to another host on a remote network.  The packet reaches the gateway and the router consults its routing table.  The router determines the destination is a network learned by E.I.G.R.P.  The router uses the appropriate route denoted by a "D" and forwards the packet accordingly.